Add Cody marketing page (#6746)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/engineering/teams/cody/cody-marketing.md

# Cody Marketing

> Please [submit questions and feedback for this page here](https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C04QTJDTH70).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please submit questions and feedback for this page at #wg-selling-cody
```

Reviewer: This will automatically link to the slack channel and also have the group show up in text on the page
